Add manifest source option (#88)
ResultadosDigitais/feature_flagger: README.md

    $ bundle exec rake feature_flagger:migrate_to_resource_keys

## Extra options

> There is a few options to storage your file rollout.yml:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few options to store/retrieve your rollout manifest (a.k.a rollout.yml):
```

> If you have a rollout.yml file and want to use redis to keep a backup, add the folow code to the configuration box:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a rollout.yml file and want to use Redis to keep a backup, add the follow code to the configuration block:
```

```ruby
require 'feature_flagger/manifest_sources/yaml_with_backup_to_storage'
FeatureFlagger.configure do |config|
  ...
  config.manifest_source = FeatureFlagger::ManifestSources::YAMLWithBackupToStorage.new(config.storage)
  ...
end
```

> If you already have your file on redis and prefer not to keep a copy in your application, add the folow code to the configuration box:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have your manifest on Redis and prefer not to keep a copy in your application, add the following code to the configuration block:
```

```ruby
require 'feature_flagger/manifest_sources/storage_only'

FeatureFlagger.configure do |config|
  ...
  config.manifest_source = FeatureFlagger::ManifestSources::StorageOnly.new(config.storage)
  ...
end
```

> If have the file and don't need a backup, is not necessary to do any different configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have the YAML file and don't need a backup, it is unnecessary to do any different configuration.
```
